<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <title>Purdue Formula SAE : 05.29.2023</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/site.css" type="text/css" />
        <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    </head>

    <body class="theme-default aui-theme-default">
        <div id="page">
            <div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
                <div id="main-header">
                    <div id="breadcrumb-section">
                        <ol id="breadcrumbs">
                            <li class="first">
                                <span><a href="index.html">Purdue Formula SAE</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Team-Leads_132156740.html">Team Leads</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="2024-Season_261751502.html">2024 Season</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="2024-Team-Lead-Meeting-Notes_261751504.html">2024 Team Lead Meeting Notes</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                </ol>
                    </div>
                    <h1 id="title-heading" class="pagetitle">
                                                <span id="title-text">
                            Purdue Formula SAE : 05.29.2023
                        </span>
                    </h1>
                </div>

                <div id="content" class="view">
                    <div class="page-metadata">
                        
        
    
    
        
    
        
        
            Created by <span class='author'> Rumsey, Helen Nicole</span>, last modified on May 31, 2023
                        </div>
                    <div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
                    <p><strong>Agenda:</strong></p><ul><li>baseline of 2023/ what went well &amp; what we could improve<ul><li>results<ul><li>2nd enduro</li><li>3rd design</li></ul></li><li>powertrain<ul><li>intake<ul><li>worked mint</li></ul></li><li>cooling<ul><li>worked mint</li></ul></li><li>fuel<ul><li>needed to be redesigned</li></ul></li><li>exhaust<ul><li>completely needed to be reevaluated</li></ul></li><li>oil<ul><li>likely caused bearing near-failure</li><li>rerouted cooling lines for oil cooling</li></ul></li><li>efficiency - are we making too much power compared to our competitors? can we make less and score some more points in efficiency?</li><li>engine overall:<ul><li>spare engine evaluation<ul><li>should have one for comp</li></ul></li><li>failures:<ul><li>bearing about to die, oil too hot<ul><li>ran oil cooling</li></ul></li><li>shift shaft<ul><li>not sure root cause, possibly melted</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>drivetrain:<ul><li>better this year than last year</li><li>still issues with tabs on chassis <ul><li>better jigging / mfg?<ul><li>due to new towbar and rushing the reweld</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>consider spool, in general the more locked the better<ul><li>run at pitt shootout</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li> siq:<ul><li>pos:<ul><li>reliability of non-critical components<ul><li>short of fuel pressure sensor</li><li>fire</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>neg<ul><li>shockpots, needing to be replaced</li><li>dash, launch control position, vibrated out?</li><li>heat shrink deadline was not met</li><li>design event<ul><li>stemed from how each sensor worked individually</li></ul></li><li>pinout<ul><li>documentation wasn't very consitent, judges didn't like that</li></ul></li><li>driver comms took too long to figure out<ul><li>being more realistic about timelines</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>suspension<ul><li>pos:<ul><li>deadlines in general were met </li><li>realistic about timelines </li><li>outboard package was very tidy </li><li>time for large parts was good</li><li>vd knowledge has good basic knowledge<ul><li>now we are able to move to more transient</li></ul></li><li>simulation<ul><li>little disorganized </li><li>working on more organized matlab sims so that we understand things even more</li></ul></li><li>testing<ul><li>multimatic and four post<ul><li>designing with this in mind</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>neg:<ul><li>possible hub yielding and developing play,</li><li>smaller parts sort of fell through the cracks<ul><li>traffic cones, taking lots of time for a little part</li></ul></li><li>drawing to be made right after design season so that we aren't drawing them right before we go to the shop</li><li>testing<ul><li>sweeps of certain parameters</li><li>using setup sheet better</li></ul></li><li>wheel lift was still an issue </li><li>front arbs literally didn't work at all</li><li>couldn't get around min radius hairpins at grissom</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>aero<ul><li>pos<ul><li>design judges said really understood design and thought out aero package</li><li>wind tunnel was huge for validation</li></ul></li><li>neg<ul><li>mfg fell quite behind towards the end<ul><li>reliant on the bidc</li><li>mold are sponsor made<ul><li>gantry was bad </li><li>maybe look into doing it on the vf4?</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>right height issues<ul><li>better collab between suspension and aero for ride heigh ability earlier in the season</li></ul></li><li>undertray mounting, very large hassle </li><li>inserts<ul><li>improperly bonded, referencing confluence page for that</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>chassis<ul><li>pos<ul><li>frame design for front sus box<ul><li>removal of tubes</li></ul></li><li>ergo was a lot better<ul><li>custom wheel, pos feedback from drivers</li><li>seat design, better in terms of laterl support</li></ul></li><li>chassis validation, positive feedback from design event, </li><li>weld tensile testing</li><li>pneumatics<ul><li>ended up working </li></ul></li><li>pedal box:</li><li>wheel<ul><li>larger wheel, look into this with the rules </li><li>from an ergonomic standpoint, wheel could be a little larger</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>neg:<ul><li>could have analyzed a little better</li><li>couldn't justify not triangulating front sus box part</li><li>seat mounting, better solution</li><li>pedal box</li><li>looking at warp of chassis, how does it effect handling of the car?</li><li>tabs could just be improved in general</li><li>chassis welding, making sure that every weld is the best and just taking time in general when doing this</li><li>engine mounting, very difficult</li><li>reviewing cad better</li><li>use data for pneumatics for this year only!!! not for mechanical shifter</li><li>pneumatics tank refill </li><li>steering wheel compliance </li><li>order harness earlier</li><li>heat wrap for pneumatics from the beginning </li></ul></li></ul></li><li>cost/business report<ul><li>at the end of cost, the guy said &quot;why did you take the easy way out?&quot; </li><li>more assembly things for cost</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>chief:<ul><li>pos:<ul><li>communication in general<ul><li>keeping everyone on the same page on teams, even if other subteam</li><li>kept open for everyone to see </li></ul></li></ul></li><li>neg:<ul><li>culture<ul><li>formula before school, no bueno<ul><li>better students make better formula members</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>taking care of yourself so that you perform better</li><li>delegating a little more <ul><li>ie, for testing, delegating because it slows everything down if not</li></ul></li><li>testing<ul><li>designated people for certain jobs for every single day</li><li>teach people their thoughts rather than instructing what to specifically do, that way everyone is mainly autonomous<ul><li>or just specialize roles better with skateboards</li></ul></li><li>after electrical fire, tyler thought<ul><li>have testing ULTRA brief, like literally if you can't make one of these you can't go</li><li>fire extinguisher roles should be taken more seriously </li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>level 1 goals &amp; subteam/personal goals<ul><li>Keith personal goals:<ul><li>focusing a lot on knowledge transfer<ul><li>would love to put together some </li></ul></li><li>getting people into vd and suspension</li><li>and design philosophy in general</li><li>onboarding<ul><li>good for teaching tools</li><li>not good for design philosophy</li></ul></li><li>suspension points possible being pushed up </li></ul></li><li>Dien:<ul><li>lecture series, make a series that lasts the whole semester</li><li>go into different topics each week, and go more in depth</li><li>minimum viable produce, make sure we pass tech<ul><li>double, triple check the rules. </li></ul></li><li>submit SES ASAP</li></ul></li><li>Tyler:<ul><li>focusing on more about hands on knowledge for the car</li></ul></li><li>Hunter:<ul><li>member retention, focusing on that </li></ul></li><li>Simon:<ul><li>looking more into check requests, developing a system that is more reasonable for the user</li><li>when is comes to cost report:<ul><li>needs a team to help with it</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>todd meetings: does everyone have an invite and has access? <ul><li>athreya </li></ul></li><li>confluence update<ul><li>I've emailed the guy that is responsible for this &quot;migration&quot; on thursday, and he hasn't hit back. Ill double email him if he doesn't respond by wednesday as well as looking into emailing anyone else in his department. </li></ul></li><li>Jira update:<ul><li>I've looked into Jira, and emailed PSP about it. Having trouble finding it for free, so might not do Jira and switch to a free option. I'll try to get some sort of task management system set-up within the next week so that we can start laying things out for the whole year and managing things properly. </li></ul></li><li>weekly sub-team meetings<ul><li>starting next week, i would like to sit down with each individual sub-teams. This includes TL and any project owners on your team.<ul><li>Goals: hold project owners more accountable and to catch projects falling behind as soon as they are doing so. From there, I can provide people with any resources they need in order to unblock them and get their projects going again.<ul><li>Initially, these meetings may not be exactly like this since everyone is mainly blocked by chassis and suspension points. Thus, initially they will be a sort of &quot;book club&quot; and knowledge sessions. i.e., getting everything such as cad naming convention down, making sure people know team resources and procedures, make sure people can learn what things to </li></ul></li><li>I don't want to do these during the TL meetings because I think it's a waste of everyone elses time, plus that's a lot of people in 1 meeting and people tend to not speak up when they are in larger groups.  </li><li>Up to you guys if you want me or yourselves to run these. <ul><li>action items down below</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Pittsburgh availability/ interest? (it's on september 2nd aka saturday after second weekend of class)<ul><li>double thumb up</li></ul></li><li>rules quiz</li><li>b-involved fair on august 19th </li></ul><p><br/></p><p><strong>Action Items:</strong></p><ul><li>update website</li><li>sponsor thank you/ update letter <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="hrumsey" href="https://wiki.itap.purdue.edu/display/~hrumsey" data-linked-resource-id="143757320" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://wiki.itap.purdue.edu">Rumsey, Helen Nicole</a> </li><li>chapters 1&amp;2 of good to great - key takeaways on doc in team leads channel @everyone </li><li>send zach a list of known project owners on your team at the moment by <time datetime="2023-05-31" class="date-past">31 May 2023</time> so he can reach out to everyone and find a time that works best. Also let him know if you want to run the meeting or zach</li><li>confluence organization</li></ul>
                    </div>

                                        
                                                      
                </div>             </div> 
            <div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
                <section class="footer-body">
                    <p>Document generated by Confluence on Apr 24, 2024 09:22</p>
                    <div id="footer-logo"><a href="https://www.atlassian.com/">Atlassian</a></div>
                </section>
            </div>
        </div>     </body>
</html>
