<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <title>Purdue Formula SAE : 1.16.2021</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/site.css" type="text/css" />
        <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    </head>

    <body class="theme-default aui-theme-default">
        <div id="page">
            <div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
                <div id="main-header">
                    <div id="breadcrumb-section">
                        <ol id="breadcrumbs">
                            <li class="first">
                                <span><a href="index.html">Purdue Formula SAE</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Team-Leads_132156740.html">Team Leads</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="270336084.html">Archive | Team Leads</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="2021-Season_143758503.html">2021 Season</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Team-Lead-Meeting-Notes_132156743.html">Team Lead Meeting Notes</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                </ol>
                    </div>
                    <h1 id="title-heading" class="pagetitle">
                                                <span id="title-text">
                            Purdue Formula SAE : 1.16.2021
                        </span>
                    </h1>
                </div>

                <div id="content" class="view">
                    <div class="page-metadata">
                        
        
    
    
        
    
        
        
            Created by <span class='author'> Unknown User (reyno105)</span>, last modified by <span class='editor'> Unknown User (agarw162)</span> on Jan 17, 2021
                        </div>
                    <div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
                    <p>TL actions:</p><ul><li>Clean up pile of stuff in shop per subteam - do before classes start<ul><li>On table labeled for each subteam + powertrain has extra stuff in front of table</li></ul></li><li>Make spares list + inventory by next Thursday for 1:1s</li><li>Make list of in-person people by next team lead meeting</li></ul><p><br/></p><p>OTher:</p><p>AT NEXT TODD MEETING WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT HOW WE TRY TO GO TO COMP</p><p><br/></p><p><br/></p><p>Updates:</p><ul><li>Sus:<ul><li>PF20:<ul><li>wheels should be started at shop - frank tracking</li><li>havent heard from research machine shop about discs - end of january for giving up on research shop</li></ul></li><li>PF22:<ul><li>Made brake temp model for comparing new designs to old designs</li><li>Working with Keith to move rear caliper out for packaging issues</li><li>Jan 22 PDR for all sub subsystems</li><li>Ben owns rear hubs + Alec owns arb</li></ul></li><li>blockers:<br/><ul><li>None - keith is being quick on brake movements</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Cha:<ul><li>PF20;<br/><ul><li>none</li></ul></li><li>PF22:<ul><li>mostly seems to be on track</li><li>Try to do Christian + Keith meetings with Evan + Ben tomorrow morning</li></ul></li><li>Blockers:<ul><li>none</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Pow:<ul><li>Dyno:<ul><li>VE table made</li><li>Wall wetting improved but needs some research</li><li>Fuel map - found lamdas where torque starts dropping - leaned out by ~5%</li><li>Need to rework cal for load cell</li></ul></li><li>PF20:<ul><li>CAD done for R6 adjustable - contacting realize tomorrow</li><li>Gonna try to buy suzuki sv650 exhaust for starts - buy tomorrow</li><li>Catch cans - done by end of weekend</li><li>Cooling go / no go end of first week of Feb. hoping for info by start of feb</li></ul></li><li>PF22:<ul><li>on track</li><li>doing muffler research with alex + dom</li></ul></li><li>Blockers:<ul><li>None</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Electronics:<ul><li>Dyno:<ul><li>meet with connor to go to load cell direct reading</li><li>working on single-cylinder dyno</li></ul></li><li>PF20;<ul><li>WE HAVE BUILD AGAIN (probably)</li><li>DAQ - still cant connect to dash</li><li>Replacement modules - Jessie to buy some, Ben to buy rest</li></ul></li><li>PF22:<ul><li>CAD - modules in. not tabs yet</li><li>If build is working again can get back to Tune update</li></ul></li><li>Blockers:<ul><li>none</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Aero:<ul><li>PF20: <ul><li>Going to contact sponsors and get decision on new sidewing molds (deadline Feb 1st)</li></ul></li><li>PF22: <ul><li>Started structures/manufacturing work</li><li>Saturday deadline for first pass at mounting for Aero components</li></ul></li><li>Blockers: <ul><li>none</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><p><br/></p><p><br/></p><p><br/></p><p><br/></p><p><br/></p><p><br/></p>
                    </div>

                                        
                                                      
                </div>             </div> 
            <div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
                <section class="footer-body">
                    <p>Document generated by Confluence on Apr 24, 2024 09:22</p>
                    <div id="footer-logo"><a href="https://www.atlassian.com/">Atlassian</a></div>
                </section>
            </div>
        </div>     </body>
</html>
