<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <title>Purdue Formula SAE : 2022.09.27</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/site.css" type="text/css" />
        <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    </head>

    <body class="theme-default aui-theme-default">
        <div id="page">
            <div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
                <div id="main-header">
                    <div id="breadcrumb-section">
                        <ol id="breadcrumbs">
                            <li class="first">
                                <span><a href="index.html">Purdue Formula SAE</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Team-Leads_132156740.html">Team Leads</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="270336084.html">Archive | Team Leads</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="2023-Season_214159211.html">2023 Season</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="2023-Team-Lead-Meeting-Notes_214159307.html">2023 Team Lead Meeting Notes</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                </ol>
                    </div>
                    <h1 id="title-heading" class="pagetitle">
                                                <span id="title-text">
                            Purdue Formula SAE : 2022.09.27
                        </span>
                    </h1>
                </div>

                <div id="content" class="view">
                    <div class="page-metadata">
                        
        
    
    
        
    
        
        
            Created by <span class='author'> Panchal, Aarnav Nilesh</span>, last modified on Sep 27, 2022
                        </div>
                    <div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
                    <h1 style="text-decoration: none;" id="id-2022.09.27-Agenda">Agenda</h1><ul><li>Chancellor Tiempo</li><li>Sponsors/Business Items</li><li>Treasurer</li><li>Chief Notes</li><li>Action Items</li><li>Walk-On Topics</li></ul><hr/><h1 id="id-2022.09.27-ChancellorTiempo:">Chancellor Tiempo:</h1><ul><li>Meetings<ul><li>General Meeting this week is WALC 1055 at 6:30 PM on Wednesday ending at 7:45 PM → Arpit will talk about the presentations</li><li>Thursday's education presentation is 7:00 PM in ME1130 as god intended</li></ul></li><li>G006 Cleanup<ul><li>SIQ Cleanup, Friday !!! <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="mskrzysz" href="https://wiki.itap.purdue.edu/display/~mskrzysz" data-linked-resource-id="146774645" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://wiki.itap.purdue.edu">Mateusz Tomasz Skrzyszowski</a> (You better do this Matt) <ul><li><a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="mskrzysz" href="https://wiki.itap.purdue.edu/display/~mskrzysz" data-linked-resource-id="146774645" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://wiki.itap.purdue.edu">Mateusz Tomasz Skrzyszowski</a> Matt it is time we need to do this</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>BIDC Meeting with David/Todd<ul><li>Atulram talked to Josh Tolemy and did not go forward with the bigger meeting (L)</li><li>Nick is pushing for a meeting with David, taking the reigns from Atulram<ul><li>Targeting a meeting within the next two weeks</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>SFAB Engine APFs <ul><li>Approved for the engines<ul><li>Maybe buying one</li><li>Possibly switching APF to engine internals</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Open Topics:<ul><li>Possibility of a lecture from Dean Case on Oct 4: Leveraging SAE for your career</li><li>Emily Anthony Presentation Notes:<ul><li>Making the schedule more accessible<ul><li>Should we do more than just the Calendar updates in Weekly Meetings?</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><h1 style="text-decoration: none;" id="id-2022.09.27-Sponsors">Sponsors</h1><ul><li>How many new sponsors have we reached out to?<br/><ul><li>Relativity Space<ul><li>Carson talking to Carson - Monetary Donation not 3D Printing</li><li>Email upgraded through the chain<ul><li>No Update</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>PWR Australia<ul><li>Carson handling</li><li>no response<ul><li>No Update, Carson also sent a follow-up</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>TK sponsoring</li><li>BOSO Liason<ul><li>Juna asking PRF contact if she can give us money values</li><li>New Names for Adarsh<ul><li><a class="external-link" href="mailto:tammylineback@purdue.edu" rel="nofollow">tammylineback@purdue.edu</a> (tammy lineback)</li><li><a class="external-link" href="mailto:kjhigh@purdue.edu" rel="nofollow">kjhigh@purdue.edu</a> (kelly high)</li><li>PRF/PFL/Development Office<ul><li><a class="external-link" href="mailto:pewoods@purdue.edu" rel="nofollow">pewoods@purdue.edu</a> (forgot the name)</li><li>Doris Cronkhite (Doris is chill)</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Thank You's and Apps<ul><li>Ricardo Wave thank you <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="will2110" href="https://wiki.itap.purdue.edu/display/~will2110" data-linked-resource-id="115607648" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://wiki.itap.purdue.edu">Williams, Carson Kenneth</a> </li><li>Haas? <a class="confluence-userlink user-mention" data-username="kthai" href="https://wiki.itap.purdue.edu/display/~kthai" data-linked-resource-id="141726340" data-linked-resource-version="1" data-linked-resource-type="userinfo" data-base-url="https://wiki.itap.purdue.edu">Thai, Khoa Dang</a> <ul><li>No Response, app is still under review</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><h1 id="id-2022.09.27-Ca$hMoneyStuff">Ca$h Money Stuff</h1><ul><li>BOM's - Everyone update your BOM from PDR slides so we have an idea of preliminary spending<ul><li>Deadline of next week </li><li>Gonna start cost report sometime soon</li></ul></li><li>POW - Updated dyno BOM needed by PDR</li><li>Purchasing - keep me/Aarnav/Arpit in the loop and trickle this sentiment down to your members</li></ul><h1 style="text-decoration: none;" id="id-2022.09.27-ChiefNotes">Chief Notes</h1><ul><li>Education Series<ul><li>This week we'll have Powertrain/Aerodynamics/SIQ present with a quick Microsoft Forms Quiz at the end. </li><li>This Thursday is Vehicle Dynamics/Tires from Frank </li></ul></li><li>Jim Shaw this Saturday - Will send a message tomorrow <ul><li>Lecture on CEA (FEA/CFD). He's a very smart man so if you have niche questions (aka Dewey who already knows) you can ask him </li><li>We'll follow the actual plan we had in place for Dr. Kasprzak and I told Jim Shaw about the lunch break <ul><li>PER will also be joining us</li><li>10am - Lunch: Lecture </li><li>Lunch Break: 45mins - 60mins</li><li>Back to shop, pack, and go to Grand Prix</li></ul></li><li>Zach will tow trailer </li></ul></li><li>PF22<ul><li>We need to finalize candle stick/thermocouple plans (Nick, Chenkai, Carson, Matt others) → Let's talk through this tomorrow before or after the general meeting</li><li>We need to take the lights off the car </li><li>Preflight Car →  <a href="https://wiki.itap.purdue.edu/display/PFSAE/2022.10.01+-+PF22+Last+Fall">2022.10.01 - PF22 Last Fall</a></li></ul></li><li>PF23<br/><ul><li>CAD Review this Thursday, make sure your system owners are adding everything to the PF23 assembly with masses so we can check critical interfaces</li><li>Go through my PDR notes per sub-team with sub-team updates</li></ul></li></ul><h1 style="text-decoration: none;" id="id-2022.09.27-Sub-teamUpdates">Sub-team Updates</h1><ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Suspension<br/><ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Wins: <ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>PDRs done</li><li>Most CAD done – maybe some hardware needed to be added or mirrors needed to be completed here and there \</li><li>I'm not too </li></ul></li><li>Critical Path Work:<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Rocker FEA for Jim Shaw</li><li>Rotor thermal analysis </li><li>Kinematic checks for other systems</li></ul></li><li>Blockers: <ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Just let me know when you want kinematic checks and frank and I got it </li></ul></li><li>Side Work:<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>static vehicle characteristics script</li><li>set-up sheet</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Chassis<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Wins: <ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>PDRs done </li></ul></li><li>Critical Path Work:<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Re-doing CAD for tubes and tabs into layout files to protect</li><li>Started SES </li></ul></li><li>Blockers: <ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Time again</li></ul></li><li>Side Work: </li></ul></li><li>Powertrain<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Wins:<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>PDRs done</li></ul></li><li>Critical Path Work:<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Working on AN library</li><li>A lot of CAD in place but need to touch-up</li><li>Cooling sim</li><li>Lines for all peripherals </li></ul></li><li>Blockers: <ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Make sure oil tank won't be crushed by control arms</li></ul></li><li>Side Work:</li></ul></li><li>SIQ<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Wins: <ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>PDRs done </li></ul></li><li>Critical Path Work:<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Placing sensors in CAD </li><li>Battery packaging </li><li>Re-do dash layout</li><li>ECU/PDM packaging</li></ul></li><li>Blockers: </li><li>Side Work:<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Cleaning up 006</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Aerodynamics<br/><ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Wins: <ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>PDRs done</li><li>Understanding of where to position radiators</li></ul></li><li>Critical Path Work:<br/><ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Working on side-pod </li><li>2x2 Twill from Sigmatex </li><li>Testing plan for this weekend</li><li>Densities for Aero package</li></ul></li><li>Blockers: </li><li>Side Work:</li></ul></li><li>Biznos:<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Wins:<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Insurance company </li><li>3M</li></ul></li><li>Critical Path Work:</li><li>Blockers: </li><li>Side Work:<ul style="text-decoration: none;"><li>Banners Done, Aarnav needs to message PER/BAJA abt the sponsor lists</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><h1 style="text-decoration: none;" id="id-2022.09.27-ActionItems">Action Items</h1><ul class="inline-task-list" data-inline-tasks-content-id="237080464"><li data-inline-task-id="3"><span class="placeholder-inline-tasks">Update BOM based on PDR slides </span></li><li data-inline-task-id="4"><span class="placeholder-inline-tasks">Work through CAD with members and get it all finalized with masses in PF23 assembly </span></li></ul><h1 id="id-2022.09.27-WalkOnTopics:">Walk On Topics:</h1><ul><li>Aarnav/President:<ul><li>Possibility of a lecture from Dean Case on Oct 4: Leveraging SAE for your career</li><li>Emily Anthony Presentation Notes:<ul><li>Making the schedule more accessible<ul><li>Should we do more than just the Calendar updates in Weekly Meetings?</li></ul></li></ul></li><li>PF24 Workspace Updates:<ul><li>Arpit to talk through location updates as of now </li></ul></li></ul></li><li>Helen<ul><li>IDR outreach started?<ul><li>Yes</li></ul></li><li>How is it happening?<ul><li>Arpit and Todd thinking about it, mainly alumni in attendance </li><li>Hour-long subteam presentation by the Team Lead<ul><li>For the sake of time</li></ul></li><li>Do Internal CDRs have different owners presenting?<ul><li>Arpit said he's thinking about it</li><li>Probably still wants it to be like PDRs</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><p><br/></p>
                    </div>

                                                            <div class="pageSection group">
                        <div class="pageSectionHeader">
                            <h2 id="attachments" class="pageSectionTitle">Attachments:</h2>
                        </div>

                        <div class="greybox" align="left">
                                                            <img src="images/icons/bullet_blue.gif" height="8" width="8" alt=""/>
                                <a href="attachments/237080464/237080465.png">image2022-9-20_9-57-18.png</a> (image/png)
                                <br/>
                                                            <img src="images/icons/bullet_blue.gif" height="8" width="8" alt=""/>
                                <a href="attachments/237080464/237080466.png">image2022-9-6_19-6-47.png</a> (image/png)
                                <br/>
                                                    </div>
                    </div>
                    
                                                      
                </div>             </div> 
            <div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
                <section class="footer-body">
                    <p>Document generated by Confluence on Apr 24, 2024 09:22</p>
                    <div id="footer-logo"><a href="https://www.atlassian.com/">Atlassian</a></div>
                </section>
            </div>
        </div>     </body>
</html>
