<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <title>Purdue Formula SAE : Todd Meeting Notes</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/site.css" type="text/css" />
        <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    </head>

    <body class="theme-default aui-theme-default">
        <div id="page">
            <div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
                <div id="main-header">
                    <div id="breadcrumb-section">
                        <ol id="breadcrumbs">
                            <li class="first">
                                <span><a href="index.html">Purdue Formula SAE</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Team-Leads_132156740.html">Team Leads</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="270336084.html">Archive | Team Leads</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="2021-Season_143758503.html">2021 Season</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Team-Lead-Meeting-Notes_132156743.html">Team Lead Meeting Notes</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                </ol>
                    </div>
                    <h1 id="title-heading" class="pagetitle">
                                                <span id="title-text">
                            Purdue Formula SAE : Todd Meeting Notes
                        </span>
                    </h1>
                </div>

                <div id="content" class="view">
                    <div class="page-metadata">
                        
        
    
    
        
    
        
        
            Created by <span class='author'> Unknown User (jpeerbol)</span>, last modified on Aug 04, 2020
                        </div>
                    <div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
                    <h3 id="ToddMeetingNotes-ActionItemsfornextmeeting:">Action Items for next meeting:</h3><ol><li>High Level vehicle architecture stuff<ol><li>Talk about realization about achieving these goals with limited resources</li></ol></li><li>Level 5 of 5 levels of leadership<ol><li>ebook: 346-429</li></ol></li></ol><p><br/></p><h3 id="ToddMeetingNotes-COVIDstuffMEaccessandstuff">COVID stuff ME access and stuff</h3><p>G052 shop - research facility operating procedures</p><ul><li>Max number of people in whole shop 5<ul><li>some sort of scheduling system</li></ul></li><li>Waiting on SOP approval</li></ul><p>Computer labs</p><ul><li>labs are open, but every other computer will be dedicated for remote access</li><li>List of non-ME team members for lab access</li></ul><p>ME Shop ~12 max capacity</p><ul><li>appointment only</li><li>we are categorized as instructional, not research</li></ul><p>BIDC</p><ul><li>Virtual TA for machining</li><li>Reserving High Bay with limited capacity</li></ul><p>Testing only on university property</p><ul><li>Grand Prix track<ul><li>try SOA</li></ul></li><li>Co-rec parking lot?</li><li>Need to handle site reservations and APF's with PER</li></ul><p>Small meetings &lt;10</p><p>Large meetings need to be virtual</p><p><br/></p><h3 id="ToddMeetingNotes-SAEGeneralNotes:">SAE General Notes:</h3><ol><li>Callout presentation<ol><li>5 minutes about FSAE</li><li>for a YouTube live callout</li><li>Something interesting filmed in different locations with help from Jared Pike</li><li>Needs to be complete before back on campus</li></ol></li><li>Callout <ol><li>Students RSVP for 30 minute time slot</li><li>Need more guidance from SOA for planning and approval</li></ol></li></ol><p><br/></p><h3 id="ToddMeetingNotes-SAEGeneralActionItems:">SAE General Action Items:</h3><ol><li>Build out alumni contact list</li></ol><h3 id="ToddMeetingNotes-Postmeetingactionitems:">Post meeting action items:</h3><p>make our own design cycle presentation, use as presentation for new members</p><ul><li>use examples of sub-system component development process</li></ul><ol><li>Development cycle <ol><li><iframe class="youtube-player" type="text/html" style="width: 400px; height: 300px"
	src="//www.youtube.com/embed/zfbSjytOx0U?wmode=opaque" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
    
</li><li>talk about</li><li>thoughts</li><li>questions</li><li>watch video</li></ol></li></ol><p><br/></p><p><br/></p><ol><li>Innovation Goals for next 1-2 years<ol><li><strong>Documentation is more important, focusing on an innovation like these goes against goal of setting team up for continued success.</strong><ol><li><strong>don't have a future set of people to be able to justify these systems, let alone make it happen without hurting progress</strong></li></ol></li><li>4wd drive<ol><li>log confluence data to be able to prove to Todd if it makes sense or not</li><li>What needs to change in the lap sim, Dewey Drivetrain project?</li></ol></li><li>4 wheel steering<ol><li>log confluence data to be able to prove to Todd if it makes sense or not</li><li>Fall test plan</li></ol></li></ol></li></ol><h3 id="ToddMeetingNotes-GeneralMeetingNotes:">General Meeting Notes:</h3><p>Craig Ashmore - Indy car DAQ guy, runs private consulting firm, has offered to help SAE teams</p><ul><li>Make 1 page proposal</li><li>Find on Linkedin</li></ul><p><br/></p><p><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Callout video stuff - </span><iframe class="youtube-player" type="text/html" style="width: 400px; height: 300px"
	src="//www.youtube.com/embed/WYP4hcT0vXo?wmode=opaque" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
    
</p><p>Have proper 'script' to introduce, we are an engineering project design team, team development, engineering design process</p><p>2 or 3 of video of fea, torsion test. Show more of design. We can record our own clips of that and provide them to Jared</p><p>Remove last slide &quot;Joining an car team helps you&quot; replace with companies people work at</p><p>Add callout information?</p><p>Focus more on Design process</p><h3 id="ToddMeetingNotes-OldActionItems,Don&#39;tknowifthishappened:">Old Action Items, Don't know if this happened:</h3><ol><li>Adams car license server set up</li></ol><p><br/></p><p><br/></p>
                    </div>

                                        
                                                      
                </div>             </div> 
            <div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
                <section class="footer-body">
                    <p>Document generated by Confluence on Apr 24, 2024 09:22</p>
                    <div id="footer-logo"><a href="https://www.atlassian.com/">Atlassian</a></div>
                </section>
            </div>
        </div>     </body>
</html>
